Cookies are generally used to maintain a session between web applications and users; thus, cookies need to transmit sensitive credentials frequently. 

The attacker can modify the cookies' information with ease to escalate access or assume the identity of another user.

Poisoning cookies and session information can allow an attacker to inject malicious content or modify the user's online experience and obtain unauthorized information

 They exist as files stored in the client computer's memory or hard disk.

A proxy can be used for rewriting the session data, displaying the cookie data, and/or specifying a new user ID or other session identifiers in the cookie.

By modifying the data in a cookie, an attacker can often gain escalated access or maliciously affect the user's session. 

Many sites offer the ability to “Remember me?” and store the user's information in a cookie so the user does not have to re-enter the data with every visit to the site. 

Any private information entered is stored in a cookie. To protect cookies, site developers often encode them. 

Easily reversible encoding methods such as Base64 and ROT13 (rotating the letters of the alphabet through 13 characters) give a false sense of security to the users who view cookies.

 By assuming another user's online identity, attackers can review the original user's purchase history, order new items, exploit services, and access the vulnerable web application

Another method of cookie/session poisoning uses a proxy to rewrite the session data, displaying the cookie data and/or specifying a new user ID or other session identifiers in the cookie. 

There are four types of cookies: persistent, non-persistent, secure, and non-secure. Persistent cookies are stored on a disk, whereas non-persistent ones are stored in memory. 

Web applications transfer secure cookies only through SSL connections

Cookie poisoning alters the value of a cookie at the client side before the request is sent to the server. 

A web server can send a set cookie with the help of any response over the provided string and command. 

The cookies are stored on the users’ computers and are a standard way of recognizing users. Once the web server is set, it receives all the requests from the cookies. 

To provide further functionality to the application, cookies support modification and analysis by JavaScript.

