Cross-site scripting (XSS or CSS) attacks exploit vulnerabilities in dynamically generated web pages, which enables malicious attackers to inject client-side script into web pages viewed by other users. 

Such attacks occur when invalidated input data is included in dynamic content that is sent to a user's web browser for rendering

Attackers bypass client-ID security mechanisms, gain access privileges, and then inject malicious scripts into specific web pages. 

These malicious scripts can even rewrite HTML website content

A web page consists of text and HTML markup created by the server and obtained by the client browser. 

Servers can control the client's interpretation about the statically generated pages, but they cannot completely control the client's interpretation of the output of the page generated dynamically by the servers. 

Thus, if the attacker inserts untrusted content into a dynamic page, neither the server nor the client recognizes it. 

Untrusted input can come from URL parameters, form elements, cookies, database queries, and so on

Thus, an attacker can choose the data inserted into the generated page and mislead the user's browser into running the attacker’s script.

As the malicious scripts will execute in the browser's security context for communicating with the legitimate web server,

the attacker will have complete access to the document retrieved and may send the data in the page back to his/her site.

Attackers can embed harmful JavaScript into a web application in many ways. However, the latest browsers are implemented with strong security measures; hence, the script injection sometimes fails. 

Therefore, attackers often try to not only take advantage of application design flaws but also bypass input evaluation processes conducted by the server or application to trick complicated browser filters

A majority portion of the browser code is written with proper security measures to handle abnormal HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to fix them before delivery to the end users. 

XSS filter bypassing leverages such an intricate composition of specifications, exceptions, languages, and other browser characteristics to inject scripts through the filters without leaving a trace








